---
layout: post
title:  "Prologue [Part 1]"
redirect_from: "/jekyll/update/2014/03/27/story-time-p1.html"
category: ingress
---

March, 2013
===

While decompiling the Ingress source code I noticed one day where the endpoint url is declared, for kicks I drop the 's' in https. With SSL disabled I am able to easily read the json responses from the server in plain text. (Using [Charles](http://www.charlesproxy.com/), if you are curious)

This is the first step to me getting banned. Over the next month I reengineer how to replicate the Intel Map's requests and how to implement all features of the map in a native experience. When I started reimplementing [IITC](http://iitc.jonatkins.com/)'s features I found that my simple map could do much much more.

After figuring out how to juggle both the map and clients authentication I soon figure out how to spoof, its simple enough at this point.. no real authentication on the servers that isn't easily mimicked. The next logical choice is to match the feature set of the client, which I soon do.

With all features by Niantic replicated I evolved the project to handle automation. Auto hacking and deploying were first up, followed by XM consumption at a large scale (Used as a weapon). With some nice polish I was able to create a L8 account from purely hacking enemy portals within three days.

July, 2013
===

This project was becoming a beast, it was able to farm massive quantities of valuable gear for me to play. Effectively augmenting my main player to be able to destroy or build anything I want. I was able to see where people are currently at faster and easier than they ever could, this gave me a massive advantage.

New update comes out, as usual I update the version name and hash without checking the diff. Two hours later all of my bots and my main are banned.

Scan FAILED.

`// TODO Explain about what happens next`
